Patrick Stevenson
linkedin.com/in/patrick-stevenson
Patrick.Stevenson89@gmail.com
(720) 616-3461

Summary of Qualifications
Accomplished operations professional with extensive experience driving efficiency and scaling business processes in tech environments. Expert in leveraging data analytics and technical automation to inform decision-making and support sustained growth. Adept at orchestrating cross-departmental collaboration and leading transformative projects. 
Technical Skills
CRM (Salesforce, Hubspot)
CS Support (Churnzero, Helpscout, Zendesk)
Customer Engagement Technologies
AI-driven Support Tools
Workflow and Process Automation
Retention Analysis
Customer Journey Mapping
Email Marketing Automation (Marketo)
Technical Documentation
Training and Development
Project Management (Jira, Asana, Trello, Monday, Notion)
Onboarding and Renewal Process Optimization


Cloud Storage Solutions (AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage)
Relationship Database Management (MySQL)
Data Visualization (Tableau)
Data Migration
Data Monitoring and Maintenance
Resource Allocation Optimization
Integrations (Zapier, N8N, Workato)
SaaS
Agile
Cross-functional Team Collaboration
Account Data Management



JavaScript Programming
HTML/CSS
React.js
Front-end Development
API Integrations and Development
API Documentation
Python (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Data Analytics and Machine Learning
Statistical Analysis and Predictive Modeling
BI and Data Science Methodologies
Google Analytics
Confluence Management

1

Relevant Experience and Education
LinearB    Customer Experience Operations Manager
Austin, TX:			              May 2022 - Present

Spearheaded a tech touch program resulting in a 20% increase in customer retention from Q2 2023 to Q4 2024, significantly impacting the bottom 50% of the customer base through enhanced onboarding and renewal processes.
Designed and implemented automated solutions for customer metrics reporting, facilitating CSMs during QBRs, and developed a comprehensive tech touch onboarding system. This included training videos, surveys, help documents, and a shared team booking calendar, alongside ICB improvements based on feature utilization.
Pioneered the use of machine learning for automated forecasting and health scores within Salesforce and Tableau, based on customer engagement metrics, effectively enhancing decision-making processes across the company.
Successfully met individual and shared OKRs across Customer Success, Sales, and Marketing departments, focusing on feature adoption and tracking, demonstrating exceptional ability to drive cross-functional team success.
Implemented AI GPT for customer support, trained on LinearB technical documentation, significantly improving the customer support experience by providing timely and accurate technical answers.
Led critical integrations, including S3 and Google API, to develop comprehensive reports on customers' resource allocation, thereby offering valuable insights into optimizing resource use.
Directed the seamless transition from Churnzero to Salesforce and Marketo for email drips and customer plays, covering areas such as onboarding, churn risks, renewals, feature utilization, and surveys, thereby enhancing customer engagement strategies.
Assisted in the integration of Tableau and Salesforce, simplifying data access for AEs, CSMs, and leadership, and ensuring more informed decision-making throughout the organization.



2

Invicti Security - Strategic/Key Customer Success Manager
Austin, TX:			              March 2021 - March 2022

Invicti is the world’s leading dynamic web application security scanning tool that allows organizations direct insight into their online security posture. Both brands under Invicti (Acunetix and Netsparker) are used by many fortune 100 companies, along with government entities and militaries around the world. 

90% client retention (50+ client book of business)
100% upsell quota attainment in 2021
Client relationship management through monthly and quarterly calls
Proactive engagement and outreach within customer org to further product adoption
Experience navigating complex legal and financial conversations for single and multi-year subscriptions
Experience in training new hires and acting as technical liaison to internal Sales Org as needed


Invicti Security - Sr. Account Executive
Austin, TX:			              Jan 2019 - March 2021

Invicti is the world’s leading dynamic web application security scanning tool that allows organizations direct insight into their online security posture. Both brands under Invicti (Acunetix and Netsparker) are used by many fortune 100 companies, along with government entities and militaries around the world. I was the first Account Executive hired by Acunetix in 2019 and grew to work for Invicti as a whole in the Senior role.

Managed leads from discovery through close including demos and POCs
Ramped up with Invicti from a Sales Team of 6 to over 30 people in just over a year
Assisted in new hire training and development 
Closed won average deal size over $15,000/year
Increased average number of multi-year contracts from 30% to 76% from 2019 to 2020
Facilitated direct sales and channel sales through partners

ShipperHQ - Sales Engineer/Ops Manager
Austin, TX:			              May 2017 - Jan 2019

ShipperHQ is a front-end shipping solution providing eCommerce merchants with the means to calculate their negotiated shipping rates in real time. This product is used by SMB and Enterprise organizations. I operated in Sales and Onboarding as well as Partner Management.

Operated as Sales and Onboarding Lead Engineer to qualify and convert leads
Account manager for development agency partners and partner leads
Provided product training and ecommerce consulting to both merchants and agency partners
Monitored and maintained data for all clients in sales funnel
Assisted in the development of the sales and onboarding teams and accompanying processes.

B.S. Bioengineering - University of Colorado Denver
Denver, CO:			              August 2014 - May 2017



3
