As a Director of Customer Success at Employ, you are the lynchpin in helping our customers reach their goals of hiring the best talent for their needs. Within our Customer Success Management organization, we use a combination of technology, analytics, deep product knowledge, and strong relationship-building skills. This multifaceted approach is designed to swiftly demonstrate the value of our customers' investments. The responsibilities of this team are strategic whether working one-on-one with a customer or using smart pattern-recognition skills to solve problems for multiple customers at once.  
We are investing heavily in our Customer Success organization to transform everything we do to provide a more community-focused customer experience, increase access to data to make informed and scalable decisions and operate as proactively as possible. As a leader of the CSM function at Employ this year, you will be a core part of that transformation both internally to improve how we work with all our internal stakeholders and with our customers as we seek to deliver excellence in every interaction.  
 
What You’ll Do: 

    Leadership & Team Management: 

    Lead and mentor a team of CSMs focused on advancing customers’ objectives in talent acquisition. 
    Foster a collaborative and high-performance culture within the team, promoting continuous learning and development. 
    Set clear goals and objectives for the team, providing regular feedback and performance targets. 
    In everything you do, be a strong and clear communicator who across all other departments and operates by taking accountability and ownership. 

    Customer Success Strategy and Value Acceleration: 

    Develop and execute a comprehensive scaled customer success strategy that can support multiple product lines. 
    Enable and upskill resources to be able deliver against the scaled customer success strategy 
    Identify opportunities for digital interventions based on customer maturity and usage, aligning product features with customer goals. 
    Introduce and optimize customer programming and resources tied to desired outcomes 

    Customer Engagement: 

    Strategically engage with customers across channels (email, community platforms, in-app engagements) to accelerate the value they receive from our solutions. 

    Build strong relationships with key customer stakeholders to understand their business needs, challenges, and objectives. 
    Serve as a key escalation point for customers to resolve issues and prevent churn. 

    Data Analysis and Technology-Centric Thinking: 

    Analyze customer data and usage patterns to derive actionable insights and opportunities for engagement. 
    Drive automation and technology-centric processes, contributing to the development of customer health scoring and associated strategies. 

    Self-Service Promotion and Collaboration: 

    Prioritize the development and promotion of self-service resources to empower customers for independent issue resolution. 

What You’ll Bring: 

    Proven experience (at least 8 years) in a customer success leadership role at a SaaS company 
    Work experience in one or more of the following areas: HR/recruiting, customer success management, account management or consulting – ideally with recruiting or related applications in a SaaS (Software as a Service) environment  
    Excellent leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and motivate cross-functional teams 
    Analytical mindset with the ability to interpret data and metrics to drive informed decisions and strategies 
    Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment, with flexibility and adaptability in an evolving organization  
    Strong bias towards action and finding solutions; creative problem solver who believes in “do it right or do it twice”  
    Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively at all levels of the organization, including executive and C-level with strong attention to detail  
    Proven track record of effective strategic planning and driving results (including meeting and exceeding customer retention targets)  
    The desire to help build a world-class customer success management team and transform the experience and results our customers have 
    Experience successfully developing and implementing digital CS playbooks and strategies